cinnamon turned on the television more
environment and as a theme the day analysis of
the call I know that weeks are missing
months for the world but taking in
tell the gentleman will solve it that miguel
Herrera was talking to the players
these eight are in Europe because the eight
will be part I think of the list almost
until the end I do not know if it will summon the
eight although I sincerely believe that by
at least six will be there in the cup
of the world and also the interesting thing is
that more or less makes us clear
Who are the players that will be in
the world cup but the theme of the
goal seems interesting
talk about it because in the call in
terms had many children now yes it is
and it does not appear
alfredo talavera also what he said
on the table without resolving the matter and
that he put there on raúl jiménez has
He talked a lot of walking since flown
ecuador of the eagles but above all
this already with what you put in that tweet
I think Jiménez has cost more
no matter how busy it is
level that is showing by america not
the front of the eagles is fine
that also we must not forget that in the
selection not answered because the
golazo that got him for is not the only
you have to remember that in the past
convocation against South Korea we
had by decision now they are 100% raul
jiménez and is not respected the great
performance that has had alan polished in
the last call also stayed
a man outside like nigris aldo who
It does not come together well in good
performances with the chivas and now with
the hand selection has also happened to him
invoice theme was the jorge torres nilo
men who had very bad in the
old process of chopin actor now
also it cuts us for this occasion I
it seems important to emphasize the fact
of muñoz for this list called 24 for
do 23 who will be playing or more
well-called for the match against
nigeria very muñoz will not attend that
party will be
corona muñoz to train on sunday
to Wednesday that is the first the first
train the meeting the team will have
Mexico later on Sunday
It will also do the same before leaving for
what is Atlanta Georgia where will they be
facing the only party live dates
against nigeria it seems very
forceful and very reiterative
course of miguel herrera and with this
call it seems to me that everything is stable
Carlos has its backbone
Europeans have said yes and here
will see them let's see if out there
can you put it, it seems like a
direct competition I think the only
doubt that you have as a European in
positions hector herrera juan carlos
medina in that containment to be
very hard that fight for being the contention
of the Mexican national team because I
It looks like it will be also
great performances of the volleyball peña por
there can also give place to people
like louis moldes and rafa marquez I think
above all beyond what they can
play those that are there in europe in
this match but above all Miguel
Herrera what's going to work with these
footballers is that you can also
insert the group that also load and
they sell that it is feasible that they are not
headlines in the selection at the time
reach the world cup as
they would respond to that interesting what
will have the Mexican national team
important against nigeria the next 5
March will find the cannon to our
youtube channel and follow all the
information about your sport and your team
favorite starts now by clicking on
these videos